# cardgame

The name `cardgame` is a temporary placeholder name.

## Intentions

I am a big fan of Yu-Gi-Oh (the trading card game). However, the game kind of
went in a direction I didn't like. I simply don't enjoy it anymore. It feels
bloated to me and the balance between old cards and new cards just doesn't
exist. Games like Hearthstone kind of have the same problem. The difference is
, that hearthstone actually forces you to get new cards, which Yu-Gi-Oh
doesn't, since it's a physical game. And let's be honest, who can be arsed to
keep buying new cards just to not get destroyed by everyone?

So, the goal here is to make an open source game for this new card game, that
you can self-host if you don't want to use the official infrastructure.
The game will allow everyone to contribute in either code or cards. The plan
is to have something like a card-store, where you can upload single cards or
whole decks. Creation of decks shouldn't require coding skills. Instead
there'll be some kind of tool. Good cards will be moved into the original
cards.

If the game reaches maturity and plays well, it'll be added to Steam and
itch.io. People who contributed to a certain degree will get a monthly cut.
Anyway, this shouldn't matter for now.

A physical version would be cool, but highly unrealistic. If we accidentally
get rich with the digital version, I'll do this, lol.

## What we need

For an initial MVP, we need:

* Cards
* A backend
* A desktop client

To actually make the game enjoyable, we'd also need:

* Game-Art
* Sound effects
* Music

To top it off:

* An ios client
* An android client

I'll most likely be working on game rules, cards, the backend and the desktop
client. As I am not skilled in either sound or visual design, help is required.

The clients will probably be written in Godot, since it's rather
cross-platform and open source.

## The MVP

For a minimum viable product, we need a server and a client that allow two
players to play against each other using pre-defined decks. It must work
well enough to play through a whole around. The most difficult card will
probably be the rule engine. The MVP will not have game art and doesn't
necessarily need to use properly designed cards. Nor will it have sound, music
, a store or anything else. It will just be the minimal gameplay.




